# Processed Raw Thoughts - Archived

## NOTEPAD Section
- I need to get rid of the blue outline stuff that occurs when i click on a folder to collapse or uncollapse it
- also for the "collapse/uncollapse all" button
- I want scroll persistence or smth, so that in between refreshes of the npm run dev server (and thus the refresh of the webpage) i get back at exactly the same place I was before. This also within the editor which has its own autoscroll
- I want the folders in the notepad to also show the corresponding emoji (If there's one assigned)

## SITE Section
- I want the literature2 page type to get the exact seem formatting that I see in the editor in notepad, especially the newlines. I want it exactly looking as I've written it, newline wise. exactly the same. the editor can show it, what's so hard about making the actual page render that content as how I've written it?
- I want nested folders. I want to have a folder within a folder. Both in the normal site, and within the notepad. I want this to be handled well codewise, robust and intelligently designed, future-proof. stuff like that
- I want it to be more intuitive for me to pick an emoji for a category/folder. I guess I want like category/folder management in the notepad as well. Maybe like a way to manage the files and categories or smth. I want it to not take up space, just be relatively hidden and maybe send me to a different screen when i click it. like "control panel" or just settings. Click a little cog and i get to a page where I can pick emojis for the categories, change how they're nested, change stuff. not too complex, no unnecessary features
- Also the ability to make and rename Sections (folders are sorted in "Sections" as well)
- I want to be able to click and drag around folders/categories, make them nested (drag them in and out of other folders), drag the order of them around. I want this to be congruent across the notepad and the site
- a page style that just looks like the notepad

---
*Archived on: 16/07/2025, 12:20:24 pm*
*Status: All items processed and moved to priority list or completed*
